#On this day, 5 years ago ,you gave words to the feeling that we both shared. We both were on the Same boat, facing the same sort of emotional turmoil . We both were getting the feelings, so strange yet so magical. You were the one who took the courageous step and at that moment changed my life forever....(and yours too I guess:)). Can't believe we've made it this far. It has been a hell of a ride so unpredictable and full of joy and miseries as well. In fact, today also you got so emotionally exhausted with troubles and theft. Indeed this day is magical. It took away your gloom again and made you the happiest person again. I love you so much Rose and I can't describe how satisfied I feel when you get what you want . Seeing you smile, making you laugh has become a hobby for me and I devote my entirety to make your life less troublesome and more colourful. I know it sucks that we are far away for each other even on our day, but I believe that one day there shall be no distance between us, we won't need to remember the details of each others' face and we won't need plan trips just to be close and feel the warmth for which we crave for the entire Time. 
I'm gonna keep this short for you this time Rose. I tried to control and told myself not to make it a ritual. But whenever it's 17 February I can't help myself but write. Write all the things that I want you to know, though you already know everything that I think, but I just love to express how much you mean to me again and again . I love you more than anything this microscopic world could offer. Last year I wrote a letter to you and it helped me rearrange my thoughts and values for this beautiful relationship. It made me realise again what a great blessing you are for me. And from that day onward I resolved to never make you sad again. I hope I'm giving you everything that you dreamed of . 
At last I want to say I'm proud of us. We had just a bunch of random good feelings, some chunk of doubtful emotions and a handful of infatuation 5 years ago . But now we've made this beautiful gorgeous and heavenly thing out of those few ingredients that we'd Cherish for the rest of our lives. I don't know if we'd be together forever or not. But I guarantee you Rose, the memories we've collected in this span for few years are gonna be in my heart and mind till I breathe my last breath. 
Happy Your/Our day my Rose. I love you.
